It is also possible to run containers under and Infrastructure as a service model in Azure using Azure virtual machines.  

You can run Windows Server, or Windows Hyper-V containers, or Docker containers on Windows Server 2016 or Windows Server 2019 Nano servers, or Docker containers on Linux deployments. You can use tools such as <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/tutorial-automate-vm-deployment" target="_blank"><span style="color: #0066cc;" color="#0066cc">cloud-init</span></a> or the <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/extensions/custom-script-linux" target="_blank"><span style="color: #0066cc;" color="#0066cc">custom script extension</span></a> are ways to install the Docker version of choice

However that does means you are dealing with infrastructure operations, VM OS patches, and infrastructure complexity for highly scalable applications when you need to deploy to multiple VMs in a load balanced infrastructure. So in production, for large scale or complex applications or deployment models, it is not best practice.

The main scenarios for using containers in an Azure VM are:
- *Dev/test environment*: A VM in the cloud is perfect for development and testing in the cloud. You can rapidly create or stop the environment depending on your needs.
- *Small and medium scalability needs*: In scenarios where you might need just a couple of VMs for your production environment, managing a small number of VMs might be affordable until you can move to more advanced PaaS environments, like orchestrators.
- *Production environment with existing deployment tools: You might be moving from an on-premises environment in which you have invested in tools to make complex deployments to VMs or bare-metal servers (like Puppet or similar tools). To move to the cloud with minimal changes to production environment deployment procedures, you might continue to use those tools to deploy to Azure VMs. However, you'll want to use Windows Containers as the unit of deployment to improve the deployment experience.
