
The <a href="https://github.com/azsk/DevOpsKit-docs" target="_blank"><span style="color: #0066cc;" color="#0066cc">Secure DevOps Kit for Azure</span></a> (AzSK) was created by the *Core Services Engineering and Operations* (CSEO) division at Microsoft. AzSK is a collection of scripts, tools, extensions, automations, and other resources that cater to the end-to-end security needs of DevOps teams who work with Azure subscriptions and resources. Using extensive automation, AzSK integrates security into native DevOps workflows smoothly. AzSK operates across the different stages of DevOps to maintain your control of security and governance.

AzSK can help to secure DevOps by:

- **Helping secure the subscription**. A secure cloud subscription provides a core foundation upon which to conduct development and deployment activities. An engineering team can deploy and configure security in the subscription by using alerts, ARM policies, RBAC, Security Center policies, JEA, and Resource Locks. Likewise, it can verify that all settings conform to a secure baseline.
- **Enabling secure development**. During the coding and early development stages, developers need to write secure code and then test the secure configuration of their cloud applications. Similar to build verification tests (BVTs), AzSK introduces the concept of security verification tests (SVTs), which can check the security of various resource types in Azure.
- **Integrating security into CI/CD**. Test automation is a core feature of DevOps. Secure DevOps provides the ability to run SVTs as part of the Azure DevOps CI/CD pipeline. You can use SVTs to ensure that the target subscription (used to deploy a cloud application) and the Azure resources that the application is built on are set up securely.
- **Providing continuous assurance**. In a constantly changing DevOps environment, it is important to consider security as more than a milestone. You should view your security needs as varying in accordance with the continually changing state of your systems. Secure DevOps can provide assurances that security will be maintained, despite changes to the state of your systems, by using a combination of tools such as automation runbooks and schedules.
- **Alerting & monitoring**. Security status visibility is important for both individual application teams and central enterprise teams. Secure DevOps provides solutions that cater to the needs of both. Moreover, the solution spans across all stages of DevOps, in effect bridging the security gap between the Dev team and the Ops team through the single, integrated view it can generate.
- **Governing cloud risks**. Underlying all activities in the Secure DevOps kit is a telemetry framework that generates events such as capturing usage, adoption, and evaluation results. This enables you to make measured improvements to security, by targeting areas of high risk and maximum usage.

You can leverage and utilize the tools, scripts, templates, and best practice documentation that are available as part of AzSK.
